Define plant relations in the database (#89)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/decisions/database_structure.md

In case of a conflict, the lowest entity level in the hierarchy is prioritized. E.g. when there is a height value in a species and in a variety, variety wins.

2. Metatables for parent entities i.e. genus, subfamily, family

Metatables are independent tables that contain information about the parent entities. E.g. genus table will contain information about the genus, while the data of plants of that genus will be stored in the `plant_detail` table.

3. Relations between plants

> Plant relations(e.g. like, dislike, etc.) should be implemented using separate many-to-many table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plant relations (e.g. companion) should be implemented using a separate many-to-many table.
```

Since there is no information about the parent entities on the practicalplants website, we will have to populate the metatables manually.
For this purpose, during the parsing we are creating csv files with distinct values of genus, subfamily, family. These csv files will be used to populate the metatables.

3. Relations between plants

> The relations are not part of the plant entity, but rather a property of the relationship between two plants. Additionally, the relation should provide cross-table relationships e.g. a genus doesn't like a family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relations are not part of the plant entity, but rather a property of the relationship between two plants. Additionally, the relation should provide cross-table relationships, e.g., a genus doesn't like a family.
```
